Mr. Gu
When I got to his house, I lived on the 11th floor
Go back and ask your lawyer to get a divorce agreement
Half of the property
Give me the review cooperation plan you wrote
In broad daylight
You didn't wake up?
You're too busy leaving your job
There is no time to hand over these.
Why don't you give him to me?
After all, it is also somewhat related to censorship
I have a higher chance of success.
Hey, what are you doing?
Button will discuss cooperation with Shen's later.
Take me with you
What mess
I want a professional secretary
Here's my proposal.
Mr. Gu, please believe that I am a professional
keep up
Lucien?
Did you give Shen Pinting the Shen plan book?
Yeah. Why?
He went to discuss cooperation with Mr. Gu
Turns out to know nothing
So I had a big project.
Mrs. Shen felt that Mr. Gu was deliberately teasing him
Then I want compensation.
I'll be right there.
Why did you just come?
Your own business is not a fortress for me
Do you want to kill Mr. Gu?
Kill me, kill the company, shut up
This is what you did.
Sorry, it seems that the internal management of the company is confused.
I think the cooperation is terminated here
But Mr. Gu
Liquidated damages, you have to call me a lot
Mr. Gu, this is 100 million
Dare to let the dew pay